README.md, before:

## Apps Dashboard

This dashboard aims at tracking the status of Ledger apps.

Each app is described in a separate YAML file in the `apps/` directory.


### Rate limiting

Unfortunately, the GitHub API
[rate limiting rules](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting)
are quite strict for unauthenticated requests (the rate limit allows for up to
60 requests per hour).

The solution is to
[create](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
a personal access token (PAT) and pass it through the dashboard URL hash
location. Eg.

```
/index.html#token=username:ghp_IlNE7ysuXOdh7Bk2yYgFAs0e7heqCA357Qxg
```

That isn't super convenient, if you find a better way to use the token, please
tell us.


### Contributions

Contributions should be made through pull requests, which should be reviewed
before being merged to the `main` branch. External contributors who are outside
of [LedgerHQ](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/) organization aren't expected.

Please run `./tools/validate-schema.py` after having modified a YAML file. The
following dependencies are required:

```shell
apt install jq python3-jsonschema python3-yaml
```


### How to run the dashboard locally

Run the following script and go to
[https://127.0.0.1:4433/docs/index.html](https://127.0.0.1:4433/docs/index.html):

```shell
./tools/webserver.py
```

Commit message:

README: no scope is needed when creating the PAT

README.md, after:

## Apps Dashboard

This dashboard aims at tracking the status of Ledger apps.

Each app is described in a separate YAML file in the `apps/` directory.


### Rate limiting

Unfortunately, the GitHub API
[rate limiting rules](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting)
are quite strict for unauthenticated requests (the rate limit allows for up to
60 requests per hour).

The solution is to
[create](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
a personal access token (PAT) and pass it through the dashboard URL hash
location. Eg.

```
/index.html#token=username:ghp_IlNE7ysuXOdh7Bk2yYgFAs0e7heqCA357Qxg
```

When creating the PAT, no scope is needed (all checkboxes can be left unticked).
This is because it is only used to read public information on GitHub API.

That isn't super convenient, if you find a better way to use the token, please
tell us.


### Contributions

Contributions should be made through pull requests, which should be reviewed
before being merged to the `main` branch. External contributors who are outside
of [LedgerHQ](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/) organization aren't expected.

Please run `./tools/validate-schema.py` after having modified a YAML file. The
following dependencies are required:

```shell
apt install jq python3-jsonschema python3-yaml
```


### How to run the dashboard locally

Run the following script and go to
[https://127.0.0.1:4433/docs/index.html](https://127.0.0.1:4433/docs/index.html):

```shell
./tools/webserver.py
```
